okay this is my first experience
moderating so if I if you see me doing
something wrong you should tell me all
right so everybody add your add your
name to the attendees list as some folks
are already doing if you joined late
I'll just repost the docs of the doc is
in the chat that's where you want to add
your name sorry the my machine is just
like oh it's funny I hear that from
other people too okay all right all
right
we need another note-taker our first one
can't do it okay with someone be so kind
as to take notes all right Brendan thank
you all right okay
all right all right so Brendan is gonna
take notes all right no outer area let's
ensure that no there's no takers start
recording we did that call for
additional agenda items oh yeah so if
you scroll down to the agenda please add
additional items now right now there's
really only two I can't understand what
your name means so I think there's only
two agenda items right now I think
that's specifying a format
okay so yeah so add your additional
agenda items and then it looks like we
also have a demo um that will kill
Netflix awesome and then we'll have some
time for Q&A
okay I'm gonna start the meeting then
officially I mean I'm gonna start the
agenda so ws so this is Victor's topic
WS are a bit wonky moving to new server
now can you Victor can you just talk
about that sure is not a lot about it
but basically for the last 12 hours or
something again
WebSockets are which is used by the
JavaScript project to find each other in
the in the browser it's a bit wonky
because of this silver where it's
running so right now I'm moving it to a
different server so if you start seeing
errors that I cannot connect please pick
me hopefully you should be smooth but
just so you know if you start seeing
socket errors with the DP DP WebSockets
are you know what's happening Roback
okay it seems like you have
bacha times recently I was just
wondering if it's sort of the same thing
and it's something we can fix or if it's
just different stuff every time and
we're encountering no it's been the same
time issues so we we have been running
this service on together with a tool
called oku which is like a salt holster
the Heroku collection of bash words
basically and we had this issue a couple
of times before and usually we just have
restored it and we put it in the in the
background to do in the future to
probably move it
but now it's starting to happen again
and again and again and I want to be
able to not having to go in and restart
it always so I'm gonna try to fix it now
forever or for the future
any other questions raise your hand and
or if your videos off then put your post
in the chat or turn your video on okay I
don't think anyone's reasoning oh you oh
sorry Francis yeah that will affect
pure-pep on it so what's your downtime
expected it will it will reflect a pub
but I am I am NOT gonna switch the DNS
until I confirmed everything to be
working so I will try myself with a
development version of Pierre part as
well and I will probably ask in the ipfs
dev IRC room if someone wants to help me
cut it as well before we switch out the
DNS entry and then we can make sure
everything is working and we switch it
up we will still keep running the old
one in case people use the other URL we
have for it which is cloud doctor ipfs
doc team hopefully they should be using
the lipid people file URL but maybe
there is some other places using that so
we still gonna continue running up and
then to switch the DNS once everything
is confirmed working great any other
are you gonna be trying to fix the
issues with the implementation itself no
when I yeah I know I know that MK g 2001
world or username he tried to fix it as
well I know bezel look briefly at it but
then they came up with a different
protocol for it as well but then in the
Indian we did not move forward with
actually fixing the implementation
itself and there are two different
issues with w so when I say both monkey
there are two different issues one issue
is when we have a lot of peers connector
we have a memory which is what visual
and mkg tried to fix but there is
another issue where every service that
we run on cloud ifs 14 after X amount of
hours for days or weeks the containers
family loose or connectivity and we have
not been able to figure out why and it's
happened to me in the past with docker
as well so I'm just gonna put it up on a
new server without poker so at least we
can avoid this network issue for having
but that we still have the issue with
the recent launch of the normal number
of peers the service will run out of
memory but I need three spots and then
everything works but this network issue
is not that simple just a restart of the
container doesn't solve it okay um I'm
trying to see you anymore' hands oh yeah
sorry
yes Johnny crunch so why don't you just
run it under communities and actually
you have it so actually automatically
restore its own failure so if you would
like to deploy kubernetes for us it will
be lovely
I I am just trying to like fight the
fire and just deploy it on a different
server because I know the the issue
right now is not like managing the
container I have a lot like
orchestration is a problem the problem
is just good that we're using now have a
problem where container looseness
network connectivity and restarting the
container does not work you have to stop
the container deleted and then create a
new container based on the image from
and you can run it again while the
number of peers maybe we can do some
orchestration to might fix up but in the
future right now I just want it to be
actually working which it is not if that
make sense yes Mike I'll just say coming
from a from a doctor in kubernetes
background I think this is the kind of
thing super Nettie's is really good at
you can do you can you can write your
own custom health checks and Kubb so you
can have code that actually looks at the
what what is the pod failing and then
determine what actually takes so anyway
I don't any I might I just want to
reiterate our problem is not the
orchestration or like restarting the
container
the problem is docker the problem the
service is launching the container and
I'm not going to switch out all of that
or deploy kubernetes of a lot of
overhead for just deploying our service
for us right now maybe in the future in
myself okay okay all right any other you
know so yeah Rob I just want to say I
think I think what Victor saying makes a
lot of sense that right now there's a
there's a easy immediate fix which is
just to redeploy it pheromonal
but it definitely sounds like there's a
worthwhile discussion to be had about
make it more robust because just three
two pointing at another server is not
going to fix that it can't handle so
many connections problem things like
that so maybe Victor if you could make
any issue where people can discuss like
to write solutions and figure out how to
enact that after you're done putting out
the fire
that'd be good yeah we had discussions
about new protocol for signaling in
general to have the pure assuming
signaling and like how we can fix the
current implementation we can rewrite it
in a different language and I will find
the issuance for this and I will put
them in the notes so you can catch up
there okay anyone else ok let's go to
the next agenda topic which of course
are lost agenda ok all right so updated
about the upcoming ipfs and live p2p
user meetings or dev meeting sorry not
news meetings which we previously were
calling the IPS s summit we're renaming
it to dev meetings for clarity so now
going forward there is the ipfs
conference which will happen in Lisbon
in November that's ipfs kong in november
but in july sort of as a set up for that
we're having dev meetings developer
meetings for the people who are actively
involved in maintaining ipfs or the p2p
or very actively involved in directly
consuming the api's of the libraries and
protocols we're producing so there's the
smaller dev meetings that are happening
in july then there's a much bigger
meeting happening in November so the
smaller meetings you're going to have to
apply to attend those meetings because
we are keeping it small and focused so
you have to establish that you are you
are actively your ain't going to be able
to actively contribute to these very
focused working meetings in July if you
want to attend and so we have a draft
the application form for that up and if
you want to help test that form I've put
a link into the notes so that form might
change a little bit but you could treat
this as your real application we'll
follow up with you if you've filled it
out and we change the form and so like a
couple of you can try filling out that
form I added a little field at the end
that's like how did this go feedback
about the form so please give feedback
if there's fields missing or there was
something stupid about form or there was
something if there's typos just put it
in there and we'll we'll sort it out um
related to that is the user registry
that is very very likely to change over
the next week or two but go ahead and
test it out add your project let us know
let us know how that form goes that
one's much longer we're gonna try to
make it simpler if we can um so if you
have ideas about how to make it more
pleasant to fill out um and then the
github repo where we're tracking the
planning for the summit that will be
public later this week maybe even later
today and we'll be launching a website
for the conference which will also have
info about the dev meetings as soon as
possible so that it in we're working
hard to get that website up and shipped
with information so that's the quick
update about these dev meetings and then
the conference in November does anyone
have questions about that before I or
otherwise have been so come on to the
next agenda for those yeah what what
date and where is this dev meeting the
dev meetings are in Berlin
July 10th through 13 so the IP FS dev
meeting is July 10th through 12th that's
three days and then the live p2p dev
meeting is July 13th there's a tiny
possibility that we will shift
everything a day earlier but that's not
super like yeah there's a low
probability possible with that and that
information will be up on the github
repo and then on the website once those
go public great thank you
I don't see any other hands so I think
we can move to the next agenda okay I
snuck another item in the agenda we have
a new engineer who started just today
actually he's going to be working on lid
p2p his name is Cole Brown his github
name is Biggs and I thought he could
just do like two sentence kind of
introduction if you're so I'll turn it
over to Cole how's it going super
excited to be on board definitely
absorbing process and everything right
now but yeah I just wanted to say hello
and I will continue to listen closely
what did you do before this call ah yeah
so I've worked on various roles kind of
resembling distributed systems engineer
or architect some of those in the past
have included distributed stream
processing I worked pretty closely with
media chain which was working with
protocol a little while ago helping them
kind of kickstart their kind of
distributed not necessarily rights
management but attribution layer for
media in blockchain like environments
but I've done all kinds of web
programming and ops work so generally
kind of happy to to do whatever is
thrown my way definitely a big
programming languages geek as well so
happy to field any questions or whatever
about that yeah okay yeah awesome okay
so welcome welcome call thanks for doing
the introduction so I just I said this
in the in the previous call but just to
back it up like Cole is the first person
at PL who is full-time on live TV he
will not be the last we're gonna
continue growing the live p2p team
our goal you know as I mentioned in a
previous call our goal is to spend it
out as a real independent open-source
project that is a benefit to many many
downstream projects in the community and
if you want to learn more about what
we're doing to make p2p its own project
you should check out the Lib p2p slash
PM repo for project management actually
here I'll just post it in the chat but
that's where I'm posting everything like
we're doing a call every other week we
hit you know we're trying to get people
on IRC you like to a mailing list so
that that URL is where you would find
out about that stuff so anyway I think I
think that's enough fun would be to pee
on this for this call let's see on the
agenda do you have anything else yes
okay oh yeah does that yes so does
anyone else want to introduce themselves
anybody who's new or yeah
well so my name is Arkady
you already know me from a couple years
ago when I was at media training and we
were building a lot of stuff one would
be 2 P so the had some good
conversations with some of you over that
and now I am coming on for 4 now 4 for 3
months tends to help out Liz and chat
archive project and then we'll see where
it goes from there
so and yeah I guess I'm but yeah I'm on
that yep and I will have the similar PME
week Oh ready for you guys to look at
shortly oh please do tomorrow yeah okay
I want to introduce Rhett who's on the
call who I met at the consensus
hackathon here in New York and he we
worked Claire read with a project
together and I thought it would be
interesting enough to present it to you
oh I don't know what the signal-to-noise
ratios like yeah we can hear you yeah
okay great
I'm doing this on my phone it seems to
be working so and I'm putting my
camera's at the bottom of my screen so
it's kind of confusing so okay so how's
that pictured sound good yes
okay great all right so yeah we've met
John at the hackathon we pitched me said
hey we've been building this
peer-to-peer
movie distribution and sharing system in
Australia for about five years now
hey that's really cool you know how to
do it and we said no we've been trying
to get in touch with with
the ipfs guys without much luck although
we did post something a little while ago
into the forums and had a few
conversations he said I mean would you
like me to show you how to do it yeah
great so over the hackathon we actually
got idea that's going on our system but
I guess you know if you like I can just
give you a brief run-through of what
we've been doing and how we think if
it's fantastically will is like yeah
that'd be great
okay sure
why don't we do that let's let's do what
you're proposing rapid first let's just
see is there anyone else who wanted to
introduce your herself okay I don't see
any um so there is one more agenda item
let's come let's do the demo first and
then let's come back to it it's about a
Google Docs versus crypt pad so that is
that that works for people okay so so
why don't why don't we go forward with
with your demo right through me thanks
very much mark
let me just share my other screen
yeah no we're just seeing a brake pad
star
we're just seeing a black box for oh now
we're seeing your screen yep okay okay I
think I believe my video off it's
probably chewing up too much money man
yeah your sounds breaking up room okay
I'm militant my video off though because
it's taking up too much man with I think
just hang on the snake okay
hopefully turn off the video well I'm
trying to finally do that and I'm not
having much luck so it's usually an icon
at the bottom as no idiot a camera icon
like the bottomless yeah I think you may
have succeeded and turn off your video
because they could not see you no no no
your back okay sorry I do some reason
okay so now I've turned off the video
let me share the screen that feels a bit
hairy for a minute but I think we got
there
sorry guys I'm mutizen okay so you
should have Buddhists for me and the
picture yes we have those yes yes okay
great so this is this is this is whom we
built it's an end-to-end distribution
system content as well as movies with
the games in that reality what we've
done is we've smashed together the best
of European with the bedrock dance EDM
made its approval with the studios which
has been going on for close to five
years now we had previously we had a
manufacturer on demand technology where
we were burning CDs and DVDs and retail
stores that kavadis the relationships
with the studio so we've been working
with them for my ten years on digital
distribution they know us they trust us
and so as I say we've gone through about
a three to four year process of approval
with
we got approval confidentially from Sony
about a year ago and so that's kind of
giving us the spearhead we need to the
rest of the studio distribution we've
been working with the guys in Australia
and then we discovered and I have to say
somewhat belatedly and I'm a little bit
embarrassed about this but you know
working in Australia had entered and we
discovered fog sorry I'd be at this and
live here to be only earlier this year
in January and when we found it I just
went this was exactly what we wanted
just done what we had what he would have
had to do so when we did that
effectively a systems level patterns
back in 2000 boarding and we had a spec
for what we needed to build and that was
a file system a protocol stack some sort
of directory system and what we call
from day one with your share of cracks
frequent your attacks and you know
that's hot going so we also do movie
sharing we also allow people to share
move and the way we do all of this and
the way we've got the acceptance from
the studios is is to meet their full
technical specs for the distribution all
the way up to full plan and what that
requires fundamentally is hardware DRM
and we initially had an arm design it
might be worth while we're going down to
another slide here which kind of
explains the process there we go
that's been going on pretty much well
with us and the screen and you guys and
one we've been working at its systems
law with the student we started with an
arm design and that pretty quickly ran
out of steam and we said we're good
Intel I ran about the fifth generation
and then they released their sixth
generation but really the seven and that
just changed the world they've
completely changed the security model
priority three is in hardware and that
enables us to use clarity 3sl 3000 which
is 4k
how do I said attention and that's what
the studio's required for 4k so Chris
would wear super-high premium quality
we're effectively a progressive download
peer-to-peer we solve the
spinning wheels pop right streaming just
yeah so 25 megabits per second to stream
okay and I couldn't open my 85% of
people who have broadband don't have
that know you a lot of got you guys in
America have that a lot of people
outside the capital city is even here
and certainly everyone in Australia
pretty much everyone doesn't have 25
minutes so this is a real global problem
the studio's know this Netflix also know
this but and so they're they're very
keen to work with us for couple of
reasons one is that we meet this purity
levels signed off by Sony for that Sony
leading everybody they put their app on
the PC almost a year ago as well so
they're really leading on this and I
know they have so the distribution
problem first a wolf quality secondly
they are in social chair and we've
always had this concept and it wasn't
actually until
jonno having a drink you know after
because kind of the hackathon and I
suddenly penny dropped I said to me no
we don't know why no one else is doing
this and then we realize it's because
we're doing a bit of clearing we have
control over everything when you have
that home answer but we just bought this
whole social content sharing experience
thing happening Studios know is that so
and and and in fact John I don't know
with you some of my text this morning
but mark who's our hacker who's here
with me in New York doc the social
sharing bit of our app working over IP
affairs last night largely thanks to a
little bit video runs to prove it it's
either on YouTube I'll put the link in
the Google Doc if you like that's for
the best place to look at it rather than
me so subject you to this noisy
environment and so I'll put that link
into the Google Doc and it's a
run-through of the app how we use we
don't use the blockchain and for
distribution that's locked and approved
by the studios we're not changing that
what we use the blockchain and crypto
for at the moment is for is
would people what we imagine one use it
for is to reward people for sharing
their discontent
pretty much like our coin we'd love to
work with you guys we'd rather use
Falcone from can so get some questions
asked from you guys then you know maybe
we can use hardcore and that would be
better than building our own but you
know so that would be great if we could
just get into some discussions with you
guys about how it can use as much of
this awesome yeah I think we can is
there anyone on file is there a public
file info of any type or maybe we okay
we'll try to connect you with somebody
I'll find him maybe we can help you okay
that would be great and obviously John's
been a huge help but you know any hope
we can get on on ipfs and live beta P
and the rest of it as well would be
fantastic okay yeah and you're you know
about our forums right like that's done
yeah the four reforms and there's
there's not a nobody for idea--this PP
yeah yeah I dropped a post into the farm
some time ago but I guess being some
stranger from Australia you know I
didn't get a huge response we don't
discriminate against Australians but
maybe that's a sign we're not doing a
good job monitoring the forum's so we
should we should take a look at that but
yeah I guess it was part of me it was
not so much attendee go I'm an engineer
by training but I'm describe myself as
assistants quite pretty much these days
but mark that's taken two ipfs like a
doctor water so it weren't so much
technical questions they were really
more you know how do we use this stuff
we also have an IRC channel where the
developers hang out it for very
technical questions it might be helpful
here although it's Limpy to be on
freenode there's also
ipfs those are like I think for a very
technical question that that or it might
be the best place to go we're trying to
avoid doing kind of the port and github
issue so we're trying to discourage
people from asking
question-it aren't related to like the
actual code of the project in you know
we're trying to get that either to the
discussion forums or if you want to have
real time chat
there's the IRC the - I just posted and
yeah in terms of Falcone I'll try to see
if we'll talk about offline I'll try to
see if there's somebody here who could
you know talk to you about what you want
to do with fog coin you know we
definitely we have some folks who are
trying to work on FOP on bizdev so maybe
that's a good good connection
okay well this this is good this is
great ya know doing it are there any
don't stop sharing your screen for a
second so I can see if there any
questions otherwise hard to see all the
places when there's this creature good I
think I see Johnny okay there Johnny er
you know you're not okay okay
just wiping yeah okay alright okay if
you have a question raise your hand not
seeing any okay I don't think there are
any questions on this okay with that
with that in mind let let's go to the
last item on the agenda which is patents
to Google Docs so the comments now that
this has been discussed before due to
people with strong feelings on this
wanna just jump in and about how to you
know I can just jump in with the context
Victor last week we discussed it it was
we were just sick of everyone having to
like remake the hackpad every week
because the generator still wasn't
working so we made a Google Doc and it
actually just like worked well people
jumped in and like helps with the notes
more than they do with a hack
had and so we discussed it last week I
asked if we should create an issue
people said just just switch it and so
maybe that was a mistake we should have
created an issue and discussed it so
sorry this like happens without you the
day you didn't get the notice because we
didn't make that issue so that's like
the background I also you can use to get
maybe sure that's linked there to
discuss Oh off this call but if you want
to jump in now with information go for
it
well what I was gonna say is that there
is no reason we need to discuss this so
let's continue in Dacian okay then that
actually concludes the meeting or well
said so we have one last block QA or
Help Wanted in is there anyone who wants
to just ask ask a question or ask for
help or yes it's make any kind of
statement while we're all together any
of anybody okay I counted
I don't see any hands okay then I think
we can conclude the meeting thank you
all for joining by